hey what's going on everybody welcome
back Callen with droid life so it's a
big day right we have android 4.2 is now
official the LG Nexus 4 is official the
nexus 10 is official 32 gigabyte Nexus
7's and 3g versions are also official
it's it's a giant day but on top of all
of that stuff for everyday average jelly
bean users we also get a brand new
google search which has been updated
through the google play store which also
brings a bunch of new google now cards
and integration and things like that so
just wanted to quickly walk through that
show you guys some of what we've got
going on here so i got my nexus 7 up
boom google now up something just
struggle saying that the first thing i
noticed when i pulled it up this first
time was this car to the top it says
hurricane sandy okay so i've been
searching for hurricane sandy stuff like
crazy over the last few days because i
was supposed to be in New York for the
Android event which has since been
cancelled and will never happen so you
can see it says news related to a story
you read earlier as far as i know that's
new so I like that it's grabbing new
stories that I've searched for and
things like that from google and
recommending them here also down at the
bottom well first of all all the sports
stuff and whether that's all been Google
now forever but then at the bottom it's
now recommending a bunch of places to go
I'm not sure if that's totally new or
not but I sort of believe it is nearby
attractions which is one of the new
features the next thing I wanted to show
you that is actually what we have listed
in here so hold on one second all right
so if we go into the Google now sex or
settings section you'll see we've got
weather traffic new next appointment
travel flights public transit place to
sports public alerts and all of that
stuff's basically old the new stuff sort
of starts with movie stocks I mean
that's sort they were kind of in there
before it's just supposed to show you
actual card now then see there's news
update which I have photo spot nearby
concerts birthdays so what will happen
now you can't necessarily just search
for concerts you can't just like drop an
artist name and chill a car what it does
is it shows you nearby concerts so if
you're out traveling around your
downtown I live in Portland so I'm
downtown Portland near a venue and
there's a concert happening it'll tell
me if there's a concert happening or
will be soon same thing with movies it
sort of just tells you if you're near a
movie theater that there's movies
and recommends things T and things like
that photo spots basically the same way
if you're out and about and traveling
it'll tell you that there's a photo spot
nearby you should check it out Burt them
I don't know if that just says happy
birthday or if that sort of tells you
that your friends at birthdays I'm not
sure but it just says for your birthday
so I'm assuming that's what it means but
the biggest piece of Google now and this
google search update is this gmail cards
okay so i have this box checked which
means it's checking my gmail right now
for me but what how it works is if you
get a packaging tracking information say
you get an email and has tracking
information on a package you just got
it'll grab that tracking number it'll
show a card for you say that you can
quickly track that card and tell you
status and all that same thing with
flights and hotels restaurant
reservations and event bookings just I
would assume means like concerts
sporting events things like that it'll
scan your gmail and if it pulls out what
it thinks is a receipt with a number and
all that stuff it'll actually populate
it as a google now card for you and then
of course you have ringtones and things
like that so the only issue I've sort of
see with that right away is the fact
that I use multiple gmail accounts and
right now Google now really only will
show you one gmail account at a time so
like I have a business account and
personal account and i can't get both of
those informations at the same time with
that's a little bit frustrating I hope
they figure out multiple user support
for that soon alright so if we go back
there are some other things that it does
now and that's Voice Actions right from
a nap so you can launch app scheduled
meetings check when your next
appointment is and things like that so
if I go when is my next appointment it
tells me that I should prep for the
droid live show tomorrow but actually
we're going to do that tonight so I'm
going to ignore that you can also
schedule meetings and it's been a little
finicky so far but if I say the cats
need a haircut scheduled appointment for
wednesday 10 am-2 days cat need a
haircut so it actually got that right
and I can say create
it should add that to my calendar so my
cat seen Erica obviously so that's how
you can create calendar events now which
is something that people were wanting
from the beginning and then the other
thing is you can now launch apps so i
can say launch granny smith that says
one granny so let's try that again
launch granny smith it does not like
that how about launch maps nope launch
maps there it is okay so that works so
obviously I'm either not speaking
clearing off or it's just not picking on
my my weird sort of vocabulary or
something but anyway you can see there
it popped up I've tried it with Gmail it
works you new calendar and so it'll just
open automatically if I were to let it
go but I stopped it so that's how that
works so those are some of the new
function I did try Wi-Fi and Bluetooth
and they're not in there yet so if I say
turn on bluetooth and it says sorry
device features are not yet supported so
I would assume that means they will be
in the future and i'm sure would
probably be pretty easy for them to do
that so anyway that's just a quick tour
of the new google now most of it again
is all location-based you have to be
near a theater near your concert venue
and then it also has to integrate with
your gmail and since i have no packages
coming right now or travel plans it's
not giving me that information so i
can't show those to you but anyway
that's how it works that's how it looks
a lot more coverage of this for dot to
stuff peace